## Instructions

### Aggregations

> Refer to the Film data set for source data

* Use aggregate functions as you run queries to answer the following questions. Use aliases for more informative column headings.

  * What is the average cost to rent a film in the stores?

  * What is the average rental cost of films by rating? On average, what film rating is the cheapest to rent? What rating is the most expensive?

  * How much would it cost to replace all films in the database?

  * How much would it cost to replace all films in each ratings category?

  * How long is the longest movie in the database? How short is the shortest movie?



### Insights

* List the names and ID numbers of cities that are in the following list: `Qalyub`, `Qinhuangdao`, `Qomsheh`, `Quilmes`.

* Display the districts in the above list of cities.

  **Hint:** Use the `address` and `city` tables.

* Find the first and last names of customers who reside in cities that begin with the letter *Q*. 



### A View 

* Write a query to get the number of copies of a film title that exist in the inventory. The results should look like those shown in the following image. Your challenge is to use a CTE or a subquery (a query embedded within another query) instead of a join.

  |      | title<br>character varying (255) | Number of Copies<br>bigint |
  | ---- | -------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
  | 1    | AFFAIR PREJUDICE                 | 7                          |
  | 2    | ALADDIN CALENDAR                 | 7                          |
  | 3    | ALAMO VIDEOTAPE                  | 7                          |
  | 4    | ALASKA PHANTOM                   | 7                          |
  | 5    | AMISTAD MIDSUMMER                | 7                          |
  | 6    | ARACHNOPHOBIA ROLLER…            | 7                          |
  | 7    | ARIZONA BANG                     | 7                          |
  | 8    | ARMAGEDDON LOST                  | 7                          |

* Create a view named `title_count` from the above query.

* Query the newly created view to find all the titles that have 7 copies.